Name-Ankita Chandel
Student Id - 161317219


ans1.
The code must be presented according to style guidelines.In this code i would have corrected the layout of the code beacuse it is not preseted 
properly.It is essential to make our logic appear in a structured format.

Firstly the indentation.
This involves  representation of each code block seperately, in this we can clearly see the starting and ending of code block.

Secondly line lengths
This involves presenting the content included in a "printf" format in 1 straight line or  in different subparts or chunks written in next lines.
One or the other way is adopted to avid confusions and this is done on the basis of the length of line and the requirement in the code.

Next is braces
opening and closing braces must be seen cleary to understand the code, to achieve this we often mention the brackets in seperate lines .
That means one line is used only to mention the brackets.

1) In line number 4 and 5 the macros must be defined collectively at one place above (#include <stdio.h>) statement.

2)In line number 6 
braces - the curly bracket must be represented in different line, that is in next line.
variable declaration must be done in seperate lines, each line must contain 1 type of variable identifier only.

3)In line number 7 and 8
in accordance to line length - the content inside printf format must be represented in  3 seperate lines where, content after \n should be written in next line.

4)In line number 9 
braces -the  curly bracket startig for loop  must be represented in different line, that is in next line.
the variables specification must be done under int main (void), all integers are required to be specified collectively before printf statements.

5)In line number 10
braces -the  curly bracket startig for do while loop  must be represented in different line, that is in next line.
in accordance to indentation - printf statement must be written in next to line and further the scanf statement should be placed in next 
under printf statement.

6)In line number 11
braces -the  curly bracket startig for if loop  must be represented in different line, that is in next line.
in accordance to indentation - the calculation of valid integer must be written in next line.
                                Further the nested if condition  must be written in next to next line.
                               the prinft statement under if condition should be written further in next line.
braces -then  curly bracket closing  for if loop  must be represented in different line, that is in next line.
 
7)In line number 12
braces -the  curly bracket startig for else condition must be represented in different line, that is in next line.
in accordance to indentation - the calculation of valid integer must be written in next line.
                                Further the nested if condition  must be written in next to next line.
                               the prinft statement under if condition should be written further in next line.
braces -then  curly bracket closing  for if loop  must be represented in different line, that is in next line.
        then  curly bracket closing  for else  condition  must be represented in different line, that is in next line. 

8)In line number 13
the calculation of last bid must be declared in next line.
variable keepBidding must pe declared at the top of code.

9)In line number 14
in accordance to indentation - the printf statement must be written in next line and the sacnf satement in next to next line.

10)In line number 15
    in accordance to indentation - the printf statement must be written in next line.

11)In line number 16
in accordance to  line lengths - continued statement must be printed in single string.
in accordance to indentation - the return 0 statement must be printed in next line .
braces -the  curly bracket closing main function must be represented in different line, that is in next line.

   

Question 2 

1) 3 reasons for using single entry single exit structure in iteration construct are:-
   
a)To make to loop work smoothely in a systematic order, without any errors generated because of using breaks.
b)To make else conditions work correctly without exiting main loop(using flag).
c)In this we can modify or update any condition or correct bugs in loop without affecting other conditions.



2)A code comprises various things depending on the requirement and complexity of output.

a)Variables - These are used to store data in code.They are assignned type, to specify the type of data they will store.
              for eg:- 
              int stores numeric values 
              char stores alphabetic  values 
              flaot double stores decimal numeric values 
              are few types.

b)Expressions - this enables processing of calculations in code, calculations are performed between operands which could be variables or constants.
                There are 3 kinds of expressions 
               Arithematic - addition(+), subbtraction(-),multiplication(*),division(/)
               Relational- ==, >= , <= , >, <, !=
               Logical- &&(both operands are true),||(one operands is true),!=(no operands is true)
         
c)Selection- These statements are used to specify  condidtions and further specify respective sequences.
             Optional-'if' statement is used to specify one condition only.              
             Alternative - combination of 'if' and 'else' is used to specify a condition and if not then other sequence under else is followed.
             
d)Iteration- These are used to repeat a code several times.Loops are used to do this they control the conditions for running and the number of 
             times loop will be repeated.
             do while loop
             for loop 
             while loop 
              
            


                  












